CLDR-15370 Enhance Info Hub before Shakedown (#5618)
unicode-org/cldr: docs/site/translation.md

| Dates and times | Numeric separators (date & time) | 2 |
| Dates and times | Additional available skeletons | ~7 |
| Timezones | Dual Standard/Daylight UTC offset format | 1 |
| Timezones | UTC timezone display patterns | 2 |
| Timezones | Samoa timezone name update | 1 |
| Characters | Unicode 18 emoji annotations | 18 |

### Alphabetic Information

#### Preventing digit-digit merges

**TBD This item might not be available at the start of Shakedown**

There are some circumstances in which placeholders, especially in dates and times, may merge.
This is especially important in languages that don't need spaces between words.
For example, there are patterns like "vHH:mm" where a timezone placeholder (`v` symbol) is adjacent to an hour placeholder (h or H symbol).
When the timezone value is a word this can be fine: "育空时间13:59".
However, when the timezone is represented by an offset format, the result is garbled: "UTC+113:59".

There is a new Placeholder Boundary Spacing item to address that.
Whenever placeholder substitution would result in two adjacent digits, that value is inserted.
The default value is a single ASCII space.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Will be added soon; details in [CLDR-19227](https://unicode-org.atlassian.net/browse/CLDR-19227)

```

| Area | New items | Number of items (approximate) |
| ---- | ----------------------- | --------------- |
| Alphabetic Information | Preventing digit-digit merges | 1 |
| Locale display names | Nested Bracket Replacement | 4 |
| Locale display names | Territories | 3 |
| Locale display names | Additional Locale Display Names—Keys | ~90 | 
| Dates and times | Ordinal days in dates | ~30 per calendar + No. of ordinal categories |
| Dates and times | Numeric separators (date & time) | 2 |
| Dates and times | Additional available skeletons | ~7 |
| Timezones | Dual Standard/Daylight UTC offset format | 1 |
| Timezones | UTC timezone display patterns | 2 |
| Timezones | Samoa timezone name update | 1 |
| Characters | Unicode 18 emoji annotations | 18 |

### Alphabetic Information

> #### Preventing digit-digit merges

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Preventing digit-digit concatenations
```

Author: Not quite as pithy; do you think it would be better understood?

**TBD This item might not be available at the start of Shakedown**

> There are some circumstances in which placeholders, especially in dates and times, may merge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are some circumstances in which placeholders, especially in dates and times, may concatenate.
```

> This is especially important in languages that don't need spaces between words.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is especially likely in languages that do not use word separators, like spaces.
```

Author: That's a bit ambiguous. Thai, for example, does use spaces, but doesn't _require_ them between words.

Author: I incorporated some of your suggestions, Fredrik, but had questions about others.

For example, there are patterns like "vHH:mm" where a timezone placeholder (`v` symbol) is adjacent to an hour placeholder (h or H symbol).
When the timezone value is a word this can be fine: "育空时间13:59".

> However, when the timezone is represented by an offset format, the result is garbled: "UTC+113:59".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, when the timezone is represented by an offset format, the result becomes garbled: "UTC+113:59".
```

There is a new Placeholder Boundary Spacing item to address that.
Whenever placeholder substitution would result in two adjacent digits, that value is inserted.
The default value is a single ASCII space.

Will be added soon; details in [CLDR-19227](https://unicode-org.atlassian.net/browse/CLDR-19227)

##### Guidelines

> If your language doesn't require spaces between words, replace this by the appropriate value,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your language does not use space as a word separator, replace this by the appropriate value,
```

> #### Preventing digit-digit merges in dates & times

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Will be added soon; details in [CLDR-19227](https://unicode-org.atlassian.net/browse/CLDR-19227)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### New emoji

> **TBD** - This ection will be updated when Unicode 18 emoji keywords are added to the Survey Tool for localization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TBD** - This section will be updated when Unicode 18 emoji keywords are added to the Survey Tool for localization
```

NOTE: For alphabetic information (such as exemplar characters), an older mechanism is still in place.

----
Some of the changes below were in the previous version of the Survey Tool, 

> but are retained here for people who didn't contribute in that version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
but are retained here for those who didn't contribute in that version and may not have seen them.
```

### Winning column display

The Survey Tool has been revised to display a candidate item in the Winning column if it is _currently_ winning,

> even if it has the status "missing" due to insufficient votes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
even if it has the status "missing" due to not have enough recorded votes.
```

Previously, such items were shown in the Others column.
Items with the status "missing" may still be published in the final release.
Even if an item already appears in the Winning column, it is still important to vote for that item or one of the other items in that row,
or to submit a new item.
The Dashboard “Missing” category shows where votes are needed.

> ### Searching in the Survey tool

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Searching in the Survey Tool
```
